# hdml

Device connects to network
    Asks for an ip via DHCP

    DHCP looks up the MAC and see if its already named and associated with a group
        (name, mac, group, IP (autogenerated))

        If its not associated, it prompts in the admin interface to be configured

    DHCP provides an unused IP address, gateway and DNS server

Device requests a DNS entry
    DNS server receives request 

    The request is logged into a known DNS table in reverse domain notation if not known.
        known_table (reverse domain syntax, Needs_Review, Kids_Block, Adults_Block, IOT_Block, Servers_Block)

        Known or not is determined by taking the domain, reversing it and seeing if the domain or parts of the domain appears in the table.

        If known, the request checks if the requestor group has the domain blocked. If so a CNAME is returned pointing to "blocked.blocked". (For now so I can tell its happening).

        If not known, we attempt to figure out if it should be auto blocked. Either way its logged and the "needs_review" flag is set.

    If everything passes through this step, the forwarder is used to actually look up the record and return it to the client.



Admin Interface
    Domains
        Uncat Domains
        Domain Groups

    Clients
        Uncat Clients
        Client Groups
            -> Add Domain Groups here



    Device Mapping
        Unsetup
            ----- Entries -----
            Mac + Form for Name/Group/IP (optional)
        Kids Group
            ----- Entries -----
            Name, Mac, IP + Delete Button
        Adults Group

        IOT

        Servers

    DNS Review
        Needs Review
            ---- Entries -----
            Name, Kids_Block, Adults_Block, IOT_Block, Servers_Block + Save Review

        Known + filter box

Task List (motivation is to put the DHCP as late as possible)
- [x] Edit Group
- [x] Delete Group
- [x] Provide a way to associate domain with a group
- [X] Manage what a client is and what group its assigned to
- [X] Find a way to setup a client assignment without DHCP
- [X] Need to fix how the restful urls are structured (single vs plural)

#General Web Development
- [ ] Setup React Hook Linting, I suspect I screwed up useToast
- [ ] Change application flow be react router based
- [ ] I really hate the Nav dropdown style, remove the drop downs
- [ ] Change the domain and client list to auto update from the server when new ones show up

#MVP - aka manual filter setup
- [ ] Allow assignment of domain groups to client groups for blocking
- [ ] Support a mass group assignment model since the amount of traffic will be crazy.
        Maybe a huge list with checkboxes?
- [ ] Update the decision code to allow/block based on configuration



#Application Authentication
- [ ] Create a setup flow to capture ACME update information
        When first user hits, the application should ask for the desired domain, cloudflare api key, and public ip (if it can't figure it out)
        The application should then start an ACME flow and request an ssl cert.
            ACME flow will include calling cloudflare update the ACME cert proof.
        Once the SSL cert has been retrieved, the server should restart into SSL only mode
        The server should automatically reload its cert on the correct ACME schedule
- [ ] Setup User Registration
- [ ] Setup First User / Second User
- [ ] Setup User Authentication
- [ ] Block Access to the application if you aren't authenticated

#Network Support
- [ ] Create a DHCP Server that can be turned on
        Support the manual assignment of a gateway so I can progressively test this in the network



#Go Live
- [ ] Run hearthstone on the network in place of the synology dns/dhcp server
- [ ] Build a holder for the new network equipment setup
- [ ] Sync /archive automatically and provide shared folder access on the home network
- [ ] Mount and install
- [ ] Reset the synology routers into access point mode

#Branding / Setup
- [ ] Get Alicea access to this repo
- [ ] Decide on colors
- [ ] Get a draft logo

#Automatic Filter Creation
- [ ] Create a manual lookup block
- [ ] Download the html of a domain
- [ ] Feed the domains of a group and NOT of group into a ML model